[MUSIC]
Welcome back.
In this video we're going to look
at the business implications of
technology advancement and datacrytes.
Data and
analytics is impacting every industry.
Let's start with agriculture,
one of the oldest sectors.
Farmers are typically use their
experience and the weather to
decide when to plant seeds, when to
irrigate them, and when to harvest them.
But now thanks to advance analytics,
they can log into a system and
analyze the best time to plant their
seeds to obtain the best yield.
Precisely when to irrigate which
part of the multi acre farm.
In another example,
a high network young professional
logs on to a rover advance platform.
Selects the money if you want to
invest for the next two years and
let the system know our risk appetite.
The robo-advisor then selects
the right mutual funds and ideas or
exchange traded funds that she should
own buys them through the exchange and
continuously monitors
the value of her portfolio and
is ready to sell if
the situation warrants.
When we look at what's
going on in the world
we can see three major implications
of technology advancements.
Customers are changing the way
they choose products and services.
Competitors are faster and
nimbler than ever before.
Supply chains are more complex and
diverse.
Let's start by talking about how
customers are changing the way
they choose products and services.
Online sales of products is increasing,
and organizations need better
online marketing and
access to optimal distribution channels.
At the same time, customers increasingly
rely on information from social media.
Organizations need to be aware of changing
customer behavior and perceptions.
The farmer practicing
precision agriculture
is demanding timely information,
relevant and
personalized information with respect
to their firm and what they should do.
Similarly the high net worth
in professional is making
decisions late at night from
the comfort of her home.
In both cases, the customers trust their
online systems but have high demands
on simplicity, personalization,
ease of use, and transparency.
Next, let's consider how competitors
are faster and nimbler than ever before.
For every organization time to market for
competitors has decreased.
Managers at all levels need to access
information on market changes so
they can make quick adjustments
in product strategies.
Although the initial decision supports
software product used by the farmer
was from a start-up.
It got acquired by a large
agri business company.
We see this again and again.
Where start ups innovate and
established companies acquire them
in order to become more nimble and
competitive.
Now you see all of the major agribusiness
companies using advanced analytics
censors and other technologies
to extract more from the farms.
Similarly, the use of digital advice or
robot advice is now no longer
restricted to just startups.
There's an arms race within
the asset management sector
to build better analytic tools for
their customers and advisers.
Finally, supply chains
are more complex and diverse.
Better global connectivity
has allowed businesses
to purchase imports from around the world.
This makes purchasing
decisions more complex.
Increasingly, industry sectors are
becoming more global and interconnected.
Internet of things and sensors
are revolutionizing physical supply
chains and enabling data driven
optimization and decisions.
For example, the robo-advisors
can manage funds across multiple
parties distributed across the world.
They can execute trades 24/7 and
they're not dependent on
the traders in each local market.
The business benefits from advance
data and analytics are four-fold.
Increased revenues and
profits as companies look at
hyper targeting customers and
selling tailored solutions to them.
Decreased cost and
enhanced productivity as more automation
takes over from human decision making.
Better customer experience as
the omni channel interactions for
why the convenience for customers and
the low cost for providers.
Reduced risk and
better quality as standardization and
automation become the norm.
Increasingly, the workforce will be asked
to focus on high value tasks as more
of the repetitive, manual and intellectual
tasks are taken over by machines.
Over time, the ability to use data and
analytics and
make data driven decisions
will become standard practise.
PWC is recruiting with
this instate in mind.
Data and analytics is becoming a part of
the rapporteur of all of our consultants.
There are three key factors increasing
the relevance and importance of data and
analytics.
The amount of data generated has exploded
because of technology advancements.
There are many new types of data available
that cover a much wider range of activity.
The price point for infrastructure and
tools needed to capture and
analyze this data as dramatically reduced.
Making data collection and
analytics much more economical for
the organizations that need it.
In the new normal of lower growth,
regulated markets and
cost constraints our clients
are increasingly considering data and
analytics as unexploited assets they
can use to help them meet their goals.
Technology has changed
the data we have access to and
how we can analyze and
then visualize that data.
We are now seeing things like big data,
non-traditional data,
information synthesis, sophisticated
analytics and visual insights.
Let's talk about what each of these are.
The exponential growth of data and
computing power is multiplying
the number of opportunities to
drive insights from information.
That's what we call big data.
Nontraditional data are telematics,
satellites, voice,
video-to-text, and other emerging
technologies that create data
from previously non-quantifiable concepts.
Information synthesis is
a catchall term for how evolving
data analysis and processing
technologies are increasing our ability
to draw insights from complex,
messy and unstructured data.
Sophisticated analytics are the advanced
techniques such as simulation and
optimization that are making it possible
to pursue previously
out-of-reach insights from data.
Finally, there are visual insights
as data visualization disciplines
mature organizations and
software tools are simplifying and
accelerating the path to insights and
decisions.
In this video, we talked about the major
implications of technology advancements.
Customers are changing the way
they select products and services.
Competitors are faster and
nimbler than ever before.
Supply chains are more complex and
diverse.
Think about how some of this changes
have impacted you personally.
How have you chosen products differently
since the bought are social media?
Compare this how you bought
products before social media?
Think about other technology
advancements that you have seen.
Then join your fellow learners
on the discussion board and
engage in a dialogue on how technology
advancements have changed your behaviors.
And from that consider the big
question in what ways do you
think organizations need to use data
to help them think differently?
[MUSIC]